Add 2020 comment (#107)
greenelab/iscb-diversity-manuscript: content/20.results.md

We appreciate the feedback we have received.
Early indications suggest ISCB may be heeding the findings of our analysis and increasing the diversity of honorees.

> In 2020, among 12 ISCB Fellows and 5 ISMB keynote speakers, the mean predicted probability of each honoree having an East Asian name is 33%, higher than any estimate in previous years (see [notebook](https://greenelab.github.io/iscb-diversity/15.analyze-2020.html)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 2020, among 12 ISCB Fellows and 5 ISMB keynote speakers, the mean predicted probability of each honoree having an East Asian name is 33%, higher than any estimate in previous years (see [notebook](https://greenelab.github.io/iscb-diversity/15.analyze-2020.html)).
The set of honorees also includes the first ISCB Fellow from China.
```

> The 2020 group of honorees seems to reflect better than ever before the diversity of scientists in the computational biology field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Compared to past years, the 2020 honorees appear to better reflect the diversity of scientists in the computational biology field.
```
